now we have advanced it kristie you know
sort that out with some cocoa butter
honey hello welcome back to another
video I hope you doing really really
good today through year I'm going to
show need my 2020 winter tanning routine
this is something I really pride myself
in I must admit and it's something I
think I've got pretty good at now and
I've been telling since I was like 14
religiously tanning like about once a
week I feel like I know a lot of the
tips and tricks by now and I've tried so
many different brands so I just thought
I would share them on here in the winter
as well I think skin gets a lot drier
with it being colder and like your cover
at nighttime so I try to show you my
little hats in terms of sun beds
I would absolutely avoid them at all
costs they're so bad for the use of your
skin that you get wound up and you know
you can just get yourself if my dad
calls it Tanana can and I think it's a
nicer more glowy tan anyway so you know
if you're somebody who's a girl you just
cut that out that's just my honest
opinion one thing I would say is if you
have got the time to prepare your skin
before you tan I would always advise but
you always get a much nicer coverage and
but I must admit like you know life gets
busy and it's not top of your priority
list so you know you can sort of find
ways around with a low light find a
quick way of exfoliating everything but
when I have got the time I always like
to exfoliate and I shave my skin the day
before I tan just because then my pores
aren't as open and you don't get like
the tan this evening but I'm going to
start by showing you what I do
the day before I start hello from the
voiceover so first step remove all my
previous old crusty tan I quite like
this comma together it's the best that
I've found yet although still doesn't
remove absolutely everything but I
really like the loving tan exfoliating
mitt that really helps get all my excess
like old turn off so I'm going in with
the
like this brush that I've got as well
and taking a razor in so I pump quite a
generous amount of the tan remover this
stuff smells amazing it's not really
fruity and it always sort of leaves a
scent on your skin afterwards I always
start with like my legs and really going
on those feet because that is where it
tends to go like old dodgy and patchy
and sort of like any dry patches then
I'm moving on to my hands this is the
most important part because obviously
this is what gives away like the worst
fake tan if you've got any patches and
it tends to stick like in between your
knuckles so really make sure you get
that all off next up we're going in with
the razor now I use conditioner as like
a shaving foam if you like I just get a
much better like softer leg afterwards
so this is a really good little hack and
it just means that you're not completely
drying your legs that's right if you're
using soap to shave your legs so look at
me it's slippery snake shaving all them
legs up and I wish I was hairless
honestly I would reconsider it and laser
removal probably at some point in my
life because it's such a bane isn't it
it's a real task but I do love that
feeling after you shave like on fresh
sheets so here I am just shaving my
entire soul I love being has how nice is
that feeling though seriously would and
I think you're tangling so much nicer
when you've got like silky legs no hairs
knocking around
silky but hey your favorite products for
the actual application are these things
I'll start with a tan which is loving
tan - our Express deluxe bronzing mousse
I get it in dark and I also have the
ultra dark one which I kind of like mix
in between but I absolutely love this
one this color is the nicest ever it's
like an olivey color when you actually
apply it you can actually see where
you're applying it which i think is so
so helpful and yeah that is my absolute
fave it comes from Australia so if you
live in UK the delivery can be a little
bit longer but so so worth it well oh my
god they throwing that on my floor then
cocoa butter go through so much of this
stuff I wish they did like you know see
the supersize bottles and yeah this is
my go-to moisturizer I put this on like
my knees my feet any dry areas and that
just helps stop the tan stick into those
areas like I says well this is
definitely a must right in the winter
when your skin's a bit drier bit crusty
you know sort that out with some cocoa
butter honey deodorant this is actually
this is the biggest tag and I'm
surprised I haven't seen more people
going on about this but and I apply this
in like some like sticky area so after
I've applied my tan
I'll just pop it on it's almost like if
there's like a primer to me but it just
stops that stickiness and it's all
sticking to your clothes as much so I
just you know it spritz that all over
also fYI these Dove flora touch is the
nicest smelly interior and I'm really
fussy when it comes to like deodorant
sense so and then in terms of mists now
we have advanced I used to a planet and
with a sock like I have anything I could
find really when I was much younger miss
make an absolute massive difference that
I find the chief emits it cannot go
through your hand it's not as nice on
your skin and then you don't get like as
nice finish and then you sort of blaming
the tan well actually it's your mitt
knit as well from Lovington swear by
this little baby you can whack it in the
wash and you're good to go for the next
round definitely remember to wash these
especially if you're like using this on
your face as well cuz you can great you
rubbing it all over your body and
whatnot and then on your face - that's
when you're going to get spots so you
keep these clean pens of like actual tan
on my sheet I will just sleep in like
fully covered pajamas at night like the
first night I've tanned and then it
doesn't really Abnett haven't really
found like loving time to go onto my
sheets that much I like having white
sheets as well just the fact that she
sleeps on my bed and like dark sheets
you don't know what you don't want dirts
on this I've always found it comes out
of my white sheets anyway I'll just pop
some varnish oxley action
sixty ninety degree whatever you fancy
disintegrate those sheets get that tan
out silky but hey this is super super
peor so about to slap it's gonna say
slab on slab roll
so I'm starting with putting a huge
towel to cover up the floor I'd really
recommend making sure you've got
something like covered on your floor if
you're going to turn that on carpet or
anything or even like flooring for that
matter and just make sure you don't drop
any and I'm going in with like this
Kiehl's ultra moisturizer and popping
that on any like super dry areas as well
as cocoa butter I'm just putting that in
like on my knees ankles toes you know
just them areas that they're sort of
flaky actually this is if you like this
is an absolute must for areas like your
feet where tan can build up you know you
can end up like orange ankles and orange
toes was this just helps a smoother
overall finish then we're going straight
in with the dark to our Express tan
having a tire of my life I actually love
tanning day to be fair it's like a new
woman straight after I'm not putting on
my face like I was just shown so I'm I
always talk about to puns and I
personally like starting with my legs I
rub in circular motions just sort of
smoothing everything out making sure
there's no streets anywhere this time is
generally quite good and I don't find
it's freaky at all really I like
starting with a thin layer and then
building it up depending on not how dark
I want to go but this town is generally
quite dark with one layer as well I
really like with this instance to have
that you can see exactly where you're
putting it words you know sometimes them
clear ones like you don't really know
what's going on really like with this
town as well the longer you leave it the
darker it goes so that is my right leg
done and left leg untouched
I love with this town as well like you
can turn the same day as you're going
out and you don't always need to wash it
off but I like sleeping in this one and
then just washing it off the next day
and I always think it goes like a deeper
color to moving on to my upper body our
scent is the most important part because
obviously it's the main bit of skin that
Sun shone in the winter months and and
just going all over my sides it can be
easy to forget your sides and also if
you've got any creases in your neck make
sure you get right in those but I know
not everyone always has these then I'm
going to put some moisturizer on my
armpits which is quite unusual but this
really helps like you know sometimes tan
can go on funny in your armpits so that
is a good little hack then I always
finish lastly we're doing my back this
is probably the hardest bit because
you've literally got to stretch your
arms further than they can go and
obviously if there's someone around I'd
always get someone to do back but you
can't just make do it just make sure
you've got a mirror to look into and
then I'm just using the excess on the
mitt to do my hands I never actually put
any pumps on my hands and I wasn't your
hands will give it away and then I just
finish up with set in everything we do
jock cider and yet this just makes
things a lot less sticky and then I'm
finished I really hope you found this
video of some use and got some little
tips and tricks let me know in the
comments down below if there's any of
the videos you would like to see and
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
stick around join the fam and I'll see
you guys in the next video